[Soundblaster]
Set down the energon, back away,
and I'll make your deactivation quick.
Come on, Soundblaster, we can make a deal.
[Soundblaster] Mmm...
no deals.
-[small explosion]
-[electricity crackling]
-[Soundblaster] What?
-[Arcee grunts]
-[rapid fire]
-[guards groan]
[grunts] That's our way out.
[grunts] Go!
-[Bumblebee groaning]
-[fizzing zaps]
-[Bumblebee groans]
-[powers down]
-What's happening?
-I don't know!
-[Soundblaster grunts]
-[Arcee grunting]
Hold on!
[Elita yells]
[Autobots grunting]
[grunting continues]
-[rusty squeaking]
-[Bots groaning]
[Moonracer screaming]
[grunts] Moonracer!
-[Prime grunting]
-[Bots grunting]
[Prime sighs]
No.
[Hound grunting]
Prime!
The Allspark!
-[Prime transforms]
-[grunting]
[tires screeching]
[Bots grunting]
What are these things?
-The Sparkless.
-[Sparkless grunt]
[Sparkless groaning]
I'd heard rumors about the bots
that have died here.
-[Sparkless groaning]
-[Jetfire grunts]
They are looking for sparks
so they can come back to life.
[Prime] Focus on the Allspark!
-We must hurry!
-[Sparkless grunts]
[Sparkless grunting]
[Prime groaning]
-[boom]
-[Sparkless snarl]
[Sparkless groaning]
[Jetfire] We... made it.
The Allspark saved us.
There is still hope.
[metal clangs]
-[explosions]
-[jet engines whizzing]
[Chromia groans]
-[Sideswipe transforms]
-[grunts]
Nothing from Command!
Seems like the entire
communication network is down!
Then we'll have to
hold them off ourselves!
Uh...
Yeah! Agreed! [grunts]
[hovercraft whirring]
-What happened? Was he hit?
-[breathless] We're not sure.
The cloaking shields are down?
What happened to the Ark?
Decepticons transmitted a virus,
wiped out our systems and defenses.
-Did you get the energon?
-[Cog] I've got 'em.
[sighs] Then there's still hope.
By the Matrix...
you got it!
[door opens]
Online and in the air
as fast as possible, Wheeljack.
-I'm on it.
-[loud explosion]
[Megatron growls]
Today, we leave no Autobot standing.
We free Cybertron
once and for all.
-[explosion]
-[Elita grunts]
Optimus Prime, we're under attack!
Repeat, under attack!
You must not bring the Allspark.
Megatron is here!
[Prime grumbles] Can the Ark launch?
We have the fuel.
Wheeljack's working on it.
We're almost ready.
[Prime grumbles]
We will rendezvous at the Spacebridge.
Prowl and Jetfire
are en route to assist you.
[Elita] Understood.
Elita out.
-[Prowl] I'm on it, Prime!
-[Jetfire] We're on it!
[jet blasts]
[Prime] Autobots, roll out!
[tires screeching]
[rapid firing]
What happened? Are we under attack?
[Arcee] We can't let them board the ship!
[Autobot groans]
I'm better at fixing them,
not blasting them!
[Bumblebee murmurs]
The... the Protocols...
Everything… gone.
[Red Alert] I'm sorry, Bee.
The same virus
that destroyed our computers, it was...
Made to destroy the Alpha Trion protocols.
-[Red Alert grunts]
-[Arcee grunts]
[Red Alert grunts]
We don't get this hangar sealed,
we'll be destroyed too!
[Bumblebee grunts]
[grunting]
[Decepticon grunts]
Ah...
[Autobot grunts]
Glorious!
Kill every last one of them!
[Decepticon grunts]
[Decepticons grunting]
[growls] Traitor!
I'll rip your rockets out!
[Jetfire roaring]
[Megatron grunts]
[grumbles]
[Soundwave] Lord Megatron...
Laserbeak reports
Optimus Prime en route to Sector Seven.
[grumbles] Why would Prime not be here?
The Spacebridge!
He has the Allspark!
He's taking the Allspark off-world.
He'll kill us all!
Starscream, take a squadron.
Destroy the Spacebridge
in Sector Seven immediately!
[Starscream grunting]
[breathless] But, Lord Megatron, we must--
Now!
[sighs]
Seekers, to the sky!
[Starscream transforms]
[jet engines blasting]
[Jetfire grunts]
Soundwave, I want that ship decimated!
[grumbles]
I'm going to retrieve the Allspark
and tear Prime to pieces.
Barricade...
with me.
[Barricade grunts]
[Cog] Reports coming in.
Megatron's left the battlefield,
moving toward Sector Seven!
He knows.
He's going after Optimus!
Wheeljack, get those engines online!
You got it!
[Cog] Optimus, Megatron's coming for you!
[Prime] Copy that, Cog.
Optimus to Mirage.
We are close,
but you have more Seekers incoming.
[Mirage] Copy that, Prime.
We'll hold the bridge no matter what!
[Sideswipe groaning]
-[Prime] We must hurry!
-[transforms]
[tires screeching]
[Arcee grunting]
[Red Alert grunts]
[Decepticons grunt]
[Bumblebee] Where's Optimus?
-On his way to the Spacebridge.
-[Bumblebee] We have to help him!
If we don't help him,
none of this matters!
[Elita] No, we have to protect the ship.
-[rapid firing]
-[Elita] Come on!
-[tires screeching]
-[Prime groaning]
You're willing to tear the Allspark
from Cybertron,
destroying our home,
just to defeat me.
And you say I'm the one who's mad.
[Prime transforms]
Our home...
[sighs]
...has already been destroyed by your war.
My war has turned servants without hope
into warriors with a cause.
My war has led us from the pits
to conquer our oppressors.
You could have been
Cybertron's greatest leader,
but your thirst for power
and need for revenge
has blinded you.
[Megatron] So, it is you
and your Matrix of Leadership
that shall rule?
[Prime] Leadership and the Matrix
were thrust upon me
when you murdered Alpha Trion.
I will not let you turn the Allspark
into a weapon.
By taking it off-world,
you're doing something far worse
than even I'm capable of.
Kill him.
-[rapid firing]
-[Decepticons grunt]
[Jetfire grunts]
-[Megatron gasps]
-[Jetfire grunts]
[Megatron groaning]
Prime! Go!
Save Cyber... [groans]
[Prime grunts]
Stop him!
Give me a miracle, Wheeljack!
[laughs] Who needs a miracle
when you got Teletraan-1?
[Teletraan-1]
What are your commands, Elita-1?
[Elita sighs in relief]
Activate defenses and prepare for launch!
[Teletraan-1] Affirmative.
[loud boom]
[Teletraan-1] Pre-flight complete.
[grunts] Launch the Ark!
[engines firing up]
[loud blast]
-[Arcee] Yeah! [chuckles]
-[Wheeljack laughs] Yeah!
[Decepticons transform]
[Prime groaning]
-[Prime transforms]
-[grunts]
[Deception groans]
[Prime grunting]
[Cog] We're approaching the Spacebridge!
However, it hasn't been activated!
[sighs] They're gonna need our help.
Ironhide, Cog, Arcee, with me.
Wheeljack, keep the Ark out of sight
until the Spacebridge opens.
[Wheeljack grunts]
Ratchet, activate the Spacebridge!
[Ratchet groaning]
[Impactor grunts]
[groans]
[thud]
[Ratchet growling]
[grunts]
[mechanism clanks and hisses]
[shallow breathing]
Ra… Ratchet...
thank you for showing me...
[gasping]
...light.
[gasps]
[groaning softly]
[Mirage grunts]
Get to cover!
[Prime grunting]
[grunts]
[Decepticon grunts]
[Elita grunts]
[Megatron] Decepticons,
finish this war!
[Decepticons grunt]
-Optimus, go!
-[growls] For Cybertron!
[Prime grunting]
-[loud clank]
-[Prime groans]
[growling]
I won't let you… destroy… Cybertron!
[Prime groaning]
And I won't let you enslave it!
-[groans]
-This will be extinction!
-[Prime grunting]
-[Megatron] Give me the Allspark!
-[Prime grunts]
-[Megatron groans]
-[Decepticons growls]
-[Prime grunts]
The circle closes, Prime.
You are defeated...
and the Allspark
will help me wipe out
what's left of the Autobots.
Not today!
-[Megatron growls]
-[Prime grunts]
-[Megatron groans]
[both growling]
[Prime grunts]
[Megatron grunts]
No!
Decepticons,
kill them!
[Decepticons grunting]
-[loud blast]
-[Megatron grunts]
For Cybertron!
[roars]
Go!
[furious growl]
Omega Supreme!
So, the Guardians
have chosen a side in this conflict?
My actions are my own, Megatron.
For the good of Cybertron,
you must be stopped!
[Megatron grunts]
[Omega Supreme growls]
Everyone, to the Ark!
-Now!
-[Ark whirring]
Destroy the Spacebridge!
[Omega Supreme] No!
[Red Alert groaning]
[Arcee] No! Red Alert!
[grunting]
Everyone inside! I will cover you!
[Elita] I'm not leaving.
[Prime] What do you mean?
[Elita] Someone has to stay
and protect what's left of Cybertron.
Elita...
[Elita sighs]
This wasn't the life
I imagined for us either...
but it's one worth fightin' for.
[Elita sighs]
You've got your mission...
and now, I've got mine.
Go!
[rapid firing]
[Omega Supreme yells]
[dramatic music playing]
[Omega Supreme grunts]
Ironhide...
[sighs] ...now.
[growling]
[dramatic music continues]
[loud boom]
[fades to silence]
[Megatron groaning]
[grumbles]
[sighs]
The Ark... did they make it?
[Elita] The war isn't over.
We have a duty to every Autobot
that died on that ship.
[sighs]
Somehow...
we'll stop Megatron.
[Jetfire] You won't have to do it...
[breathless] ...alone.
[hopeful music playing]
[music fades out]
[slow beeping]
[ping]
[Teletraan-1] Warning, warning.
Unknown vessel approaching.
Warning, warning.